docs: update license and migrate docs to mkdocs (#93)
neurogym/neurogym: README.dev.md

We use [prettier](https://prettier.io/) for formatting most other files. If you are editing or adding non-python files and using VS code, the [Prettier extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) can be installed to auto-format these files as well.

## Static typing

We use [inline type annotation](https://typing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/source/libraries.html#how-to-provide-type-annotations) for static typing rather than stub files (i.e. `.pyi` files).

Since Python 3.11 is used as dev environment and NeuroGym must support Python version ≥3.10, you may see various typing issues at runtime. Here is [a guide to solve the potential runtime issues](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/runtime_troubles.html).

> We use [Mypy](http://mypy-lang.org/) as static type checker:
> 
> ```
> # install mypy
> pip install mypy
> 
> # run mypy
> mypy path-to-source-code
> ```
> 
> Mypy configurations are set in [pyproject.toml](pyproject.toml) file.

Reviewer: I would leave this out. It's part of the developer dependencies, and the website shows the instructions of how to run it (which is intuitive anyway).
Also, should we move the mypy settings into a separate .mypy.toml file instead?

```suggestion
We use [Mypy](http://mypy-lang.org/) as static type checker and the configurations are set in [pyproject.toml](pyproject.toml) file.
```

For more info about static typing and mypy, see:

- [Static typing with Python](https://typing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html#)
- [Mypy doc](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)

## Docs

We use [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) and its theme [Material for MkDocs](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) to generate documentations. The configurations of MkDocs are set in [mkdocs.yml](mkdocs.yml) file.

To watch the changes of current doc in real time, run:

```shell
mkdocs serve
# or to watch src and docs directories
mkdocs serve -w docs -w src
```

Then open your browser and go to [http://127.0.0.1:8000/](http://127.0.0.1:8000/).

### Publishing the docs

The docs are published on GitHub pages. We use [mike](https://github.com/jimporter/mike) to deploy the docs to the `gh-pages` branch and to manage the versions of docs.

For example, to deploy the version 2.0 of the docs to the `gh-pages` branch and make it the latest version, run:

```shell
mike deploy -p -u 2.0 latest

> ```

Reviewer: Doesn't mike automatically deploy new docs upon each release?
If not, In would suggest adding a job to the release workflow so that it does happen (in a separate PR).

Author: It doesn't; I opened a new issue for that (#100, we can pick it up after the holidays, or feel free to pick it up before then - I won't have the time). We will do the first release independently from this new issue.

If you are not happy with the changes you can run `mike delete [version]`. All these mike operations will be recorded as git commits of branch `gh-pages`.

> `mike serve` is used to check all versions committed to branch `gh-pages`, which is for checking the production website. If you have changes but not commit them yet, you should use `mkdocs serve` instead of `mike serve` to check them.

Reviewer: This is not really clear to me.
Also, do we need this info here? Isn't this a bit of detailed usage instructions for an external package? (same for previous paragraph about deleting changes)?

Reviewer: I understand your reasons for having them here then. I still don't understand what you mean in line 107.

Author: Would this be clearer?

Use `mike serve` to review all versions of the site that have been committed to the `gh-pages` branch. This command is best for verifying the production website as it exists in the repository.

If you have uncommitted changes that you want to preview, use `mkdocs serve` instead of `mike serve`. This will allow you to view your changes locally without committing them first.

Reviewer: yes!
